We are gonna move on to Tailwind.
Again, this is my fifth time
teaching intermediate React,
eighth time teaching
complete intro to React.
I have taught styled-components,
I have taught emotion,
I've taught Tailwind, there's a bunch
of ways to do CSS with React.
If you ask me, Brian,
how do you do CSS with React?
It's mostly CSS modules
which is just plain CSS, but
I'll import it into individual components.
I quite liked that method of doing it.
But I want you to see Tailwind
because a lot of the React
community has kind of
moved towards Tailwind.
But styled components is great,
emotions is great, vanilla extract,
there's a bunch of interesting
ways of doing CSS and JS.
In fact, Tailwind doesn't really
have a ton to do with React itself,
it's just very common for
the React community to use Tailwind.
So we're gonna talk a little bit about it.
So, Tailwind follows
this idea of Atomic CSS
where rather than writing
CSS style-sheets,
we're just gonna put
a lot of tiny classes and
then the Tailwind compiler
will make this application for
us with a very minimalistic
style sheet for us.
So the Tailwind compiler will actually
reads all of your React code,
all the different ways that
you're using Tailwind and
then it'll generate the minimal
viable CSS style sheet.
So your styles are always gonna be tiny.
The trade off here is that your CSS
classes are gonna look pretty ugly.
They even admit that in their docs,
so I'm not throwing any
shade where they don't already
throw it at themselves.
It's fun, I'm always torn on how much I
like Tailwind but I'll let you decide.
Okay, so what I want you to do,
hopefully you've cloned that Repo.
I'm gonna grab this one here context and
I'm just gonna copy.
I'm gonna put this just on my desktop,
paste
And I'm gonna call this current or
something like that.
And then I'm gonna open
this in my VS code.
So first thing you should do on
here you should npm install just
to get all the dependencies.
So npm i will get you
all your node modules.
Looks like it had 277 packages installed.
You might have vulnerabilities,
I've actually locked down this
package.json pretty hard.
So you can see here it's
all exact versions here.
The reason being is I can only guarantee
you that all of these dependencies work
together.
And as these libraries update over time,
things will break.
They'll update things,
they'll make breaking changes,
they'll make vulnerable changes,
things of that nature.
So, I'm going to invite you to use
the exact same versions I'm using because
I have tested all of these things to
make sure they all work together.
Feel free to try and upgrade them later.
But for now, please just stick with
me on the versions that I'm using.
By virtue of that,
there are zero vulnerabilities today, but
I guarantee you in my 275 packages
that are in this particular project,
there are vulnerabilities in there
somewhere and they're going to find them.
And if you take this class next year,
this is gonna be 100.
It's okay, no one's attacking your
computer right now, it's fine.
Just stick with me and then later you
can go upgrade it if you want to, okay.
So if you have not taken the complete
intro to React just a bit of a tour,
this is an Adopt Me Pet application.
It looks just like this, it has two
routes, the homepage, the details page.
This is all built using Vet.
It's using React and
React query and React router,
it has ESLint,
it has prettier that's mostly.
If you go to the package dot-json
you can see we have a dev.
So if I say npm run dev,
I can go to localhost 5173.
That's gonna open Firefox
which I did not wanna do
I actually use Firefox most of time, but
for this class I'll use Chrome because I
imagine most of you
are probably using Chrome.
Okay, here we are, that's the app and
here's our application.
It's a little API that is run by
the Frontend of Masters team, so
that's where all these
pets are coming from.
And Luna of course is my little jerk
of a dog that I love, she's very cute.